yuria Christiana walks up into the line
feel continuing to load in front of a
very interested crowd and long river
goes in Kenai finds his place in here he
comes
arrogate happened to gate number nine
neolithic about to walk along gunrunner
is still out
then the oolitic in jump the last quiz
and loaded away gun runner moves up into
the game opportunity third 12 months ago
walks into the line is moves up going in
woody will be the next able to hitch
goes towards the outside they look to be
ready Shane Ryan heads the button case
fly they're racing in the divide World
Cup and gold dream slow the move and
arrogant is last at the end of the first
100 meters irrigate last as they charge
down to the judge the first time long
river has swept to the lead Katz runner
his second pass the judge he living
third book the heads from the white gate
will slot it on the fence he's poor for
the turn out of the street and lengthen
behalf of Wardy on the inside and
special fighter two links the way of
Paulo Kentucky furious Crusaders deep
move up in the middle a link to Gold
dream a link to opportunity one and a
half to arrogate two links to key nice
and Lonnie is three lengths away at the
state of the field large river takes
down the back of the track 1,200 meters
left the ramen the first quarter in 24.8
sand long rivers shows the way led by a
half-length jump run a second here
limping 3/4 of the length away third and
he's three wide multi-edge is bored he's
away from the fence
he's a lengthened a half after face goal
dream asleep awardee he goes up on the
rail that special finer opportunity and
move up Apollo Kentucky arrogate death
right now he's being asked to approve
but he still eight legs off the lead
where the bacteria crows are turkey
night and Lonnie is a log last governor
has gone to the front like 550 meters
lifts around Gun Runners Joe's away the
Olympics are half length away second one
of the halflings TT agent here comes the
big a arrogate on the outside your
brother in front of the oolitic for
there we go
the outside America's King Croesus more
crazy
went to the front 200 meters left to go
irrigate and thrown away from children
is the Harrogate a is her absolute
superstar a is for anointing have we
seen the anointing of the hand of war
the granny's birthday three arrogate
have branded winner of the dubai world
cup from gunrunner and neolithic then
look to his keen eye opportunity
awarding learning apollo Kentucky move
up special fighter furia casada gold
dream and long river well what about
that has been 22
davai will gaps and then i think